Preliminary Support for `ffcv` (#651)
neuralmagic/sparseml: src/sparseml/pytorch/datasets/image_classification/README.md

> ### FFCV SparseML support

Reviewer: let's rename the file to ffcv.md for now

> [FFCV] or Fast Forward Computer Vision is a drop-in data-loading system that 

Reviewer: nit: missing FFCV link

Author: [FFCV] anchor at the end

can dramatically increase data throughput in model training. [SparseML] now 

> provides experimental support for FFCV with it's [ImageNet] based datasets.

Reviewer: also missing links for sparseml and imagenet?

Author: Sparseml and Imagenet anchors at the end

### Installation

> Use conda to install all requirements; install conda using instructions from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use conda to install all ffcv dependencies; install conda using instructions from
```

[conda.io](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html)

```bash
conda create -n ffcv python=3.9 cupy pkg-config compilers libjpeg-turbo opencv pytorch torchvision cudatoolkit=11.3 numba -c pytorch -c conda-forge && conda activate ffcv
pip install ffcv
pip install sparseml
```

### Usage

> To use [FFCV] with [SparseML], just pass in the `--ffcv` flag to training script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use [FFCV] with [SparseML], pass in the `--ffcv` flag to training script.
```
